how's it going thank you coming outside
on Todd I am the lead multiplayer
designer everyone knows Robert I'm
Robert bully on the committee banger so
I'm sure you guys were anxious to get in
there and start playing we want to keep
it quick overview of sort of the design
philosophy for modern work art to
basically when we started working on it
we didn't want to just make another
sequel so we sort of script everything
out started from scratch and just built
a new game the game we wanted to play
wanted to keep the heart soul the game
so it's familiar but we wanted to make
everything bigger better more options
more accessible make you famous lots of
customization so uh however a few of the
high points so one of the first things
will notice in the new game is you can
customize your killstreaks mccall this
killstreak rewards there's tons of these
you'll see a few of them here in the
beta there's a new default set which if
you're familiar with call of duty 4 then
you'll know the first one is the three
kill streak which is you AP which shares
the radar for your entire team found the
second the fault is a four kill streak
it's called the care package this adds a
really big new mechanic to the game
which you you have an airdrop marker
when you get this killstreak you throw
it out smoke goes up a helicopter drops
in drops of cravings and you're able to
capture and in that crate you're either
going to get ammo or a random kill
streak and they're all waited so you
know the lower killstreaks for comment
but you
possibly an ac130 insert you can do
above the sky and then the fifth kill
streak is the predator missile and that
is basically a remote-control missile
that you control hook up your laptop
here on the ground you got a few seconds
to see the bad guys and loma so there's
a lot of different ways to play a lot of
different unlockable you get to choose
you order you unlock them the new
mechanics as well and there's there's a
there's more than you'll see tonight but
some good stuff I'm a new thing that we
had it was the call sign you might have
seen to some of the videos that we
released basically the call sign is
another way to show up how cool you are
like yourself things so your shows are
your gamertag give an emblem which is
the symbol that you unlock and you have
a title which is an image with some
organs so basically the way you play is
the more things you do the more of these
are going to come lock for that thing so
if you're like if you get really big
into the riot shields you're going on
life a lot of red shield emblems a lot
of riot shield titles and you old unlock
some tonight you'll see what it's all
about it's a cool way to you know sort
of personalized the game for yourself
and we use something cool in game these
call signs pop out for everyone in the
game so they know so if you shoot down a
c-130 it's going to pop out says
so-and-so shut down the ac-130 shelf
your tiles or six depends we also
evolved how creative class works so
creative class is extremely big right
now there are a ton of new weapons ton
of new attachments so new camo and
another new mechanic that you added was
secondary weapons it's not only to
choose a primer
weapon the m16s or boss but you also
choose your secondary which are also
categorized also have attachments like a
sheet pistols an example their rapid
fire they're sort of like this in G he's
put a little bigger a little shorter
range shot gun shot have silencers now
handguns for fast swapping they can have
a lot of attachments and launchers like
the 84 which can walk on to kill streaks
of the ac-130 s quality and lock on to
it shoot it down another camp the van
was equipment so on your right bumper
and you never ignore that you had Frank
well now you can swap that out and
decide what you want in his place we
have seen 40 to get stuck by semtex
grenade and one of the videos and hit
the face throat hit in the face that's
right there's also tactical insertion
which is it something it has actually
killed but really will throw this down
and it determines where your next phone
will be to the blast shield which
protects you from explosions but you
lose your mini-map all these are really
cool because there's just more ways to
cut some I see your place I mean I love
using tactical insertion when playing
CTF because as I get closer to the flag
constantly dropping them down so what
I'm going to do with the mad rush i'm
pretty sure i'm going to die i can
always spot back without running away
simatic safe with the killstreaks of I
use them I'll typically have a load out
that is per game time so just like in my
cgf class I'll have tactical insertion
in my equipment slot I've also
customized my killstreaks around that
because I want something that fast and
effective if I play an objective game
time where it by playing something like
TDM and it's all about kills and I want
something that's use your control that I
can get up there and being in trouble
right another good thing to note about
all this stuff is we have two basic
philosophies that we incorporate that
everything we're adding to the game we
have to make sure it's fun it's obvious
and we also make sure that it's balanced
and there are counters to it in there
are ways that this isn't the thing
that's going to break the game so if you
see that guy that's using a tactical
insertion you're actually able to go up
and break it and shoot it you can make
it blow up or you can wait behind it
which for the guy to spawn and then
shoot math and there's all these
different balances that you see when you
play the game with trap the rice yields
leader when your next door playing and
you'll you'll see that you can't shoot
them you have to read chilling out slow
to swap but block bowls it's really cool
there's a lot of the perks perks can
upgrade now more use the perks looks
like the weapons last game they upgrade
so you can take your hard line which is
get a kill streak for one this code that
you're given under sobbing power and you
can make your death streaks one months
so for example the death streak is also
a new concept that you choose per class
a copycat is a good example so basically
once you've died four times in a row you
know you might be the little bones might
be able to abet go but you get your copy
cat and you're able to steal the ethical
just class during a skill
you can say this guy just keeps killing
me so annoying I'm just still a stop and
get a preview of things a little later
so that's that's a little bit of
creative class and you can name them of
course just